Okay.
So just to review what we have done so far, we created a SMTP server service.
We started we started the SMTP server running on local holes port 10,025.
We created a simple message listener implementation and we actually implemented deliver method that
is processing email greeting, received email, data structure.
We tried to run that in debug mode and try to send an email so we can debug the actual code and see
how the processing looks like.
So we created a few breakpoints in the code so we can start the application and debug mode.
So application is start starting.
If we look closely, we could see those lock messages coming to the screen so we can see everything
is running.
And to test our SMTP surveys working properly, we use Mozilla Thunderbird client, so we do some configuration.
So we have a Thunderbird.
You can use actually whatever version you would like.
And what we do, we change settings for a SMTP, outgoing SMTP server.
So we we switch to outgoing SMTP server configuration, we try to edit and we change server name local
host and we change the port to the one we use.
We use in configuration.
No for the for the configuration is needed.
So just server name and port as configuration configuration by our application.
And now we can simply create a mail message.
So as a recipient we can just type whatever we want.
We don't do any filtering in accept method.
In our simple message implementation, we add subject and body and we are ready to go so we can send
send message.
And wireless and wireless, sending the message.
We can see the debugger is running and is activated for us so we can see.
A SMTP server is actually accepting the email.
So we are returning a true.
So we are accepting all emails coming to our end point.
We can see from and recipient information.
So this is information coming from our email.
So this is actually something we can base the accepted logic on.
And then when we continue, we can see delivery method is being called.
So we have also the information from recipient and we have actual data of that email as an input stream,
a data structure or object.
So we can continue down on the another line.
So we can continue with the badger and we can see we have a mime message.
We are actually staying at that received email.
So in the next step, received email object is being created so we can check that out.
We can scroll down a bit in the budget window and then we can see there is an email data structure with
all information about email originator.
There are all the fields we are supposed to work with, like a subject body attachments if included,
and everything is available for us so we can actually see that the email coming into delivery method
in the form of data input stream is translated into received email correctly.
So it's the email we just sent using a mozilla thunderbird and.
That email is translated correctly so we can see switching back to Mozilla Thunderbird, that email
is still being in a sending processor state.
So this is something that is still here and we can just continue with the voucher and finally receive
a full email.
And that's actually all we can see that testing our implementation using Mozilla Thunderbird is quite
straightforward.
We created a SMTP server service which is starting our SMTP server and our simple message implementation
is responsible for processing incoming email in proper way.